README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi! 
<img src="japanflowertransparent.png" alt="pfp" width="200" align="right">

I'm Emby01, you can call me Emby. I made this GitHub account originally just to connect it to Discord. But now I actually use it for programming-related and software development! Well kind of, if you can call tracking issues, randomly making websites and rarely pushing updates to my test unity game programming-related/software development. Still trying to figure out how to use GitHub to its fullest.

- ~~Proudly~~ part of [ErroneousCreations](https://github.com/ErroneousCreations), the definitely best indie game dev team
- I'm okay at HTML + CSS and i would like to put the files on github for version control but  i can't figure out how to preview the html files without using github pages. pls tell me if u know how
- my favourite game is ugmania probably because i help develop it

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Emby01&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# 👀 What I do
I use this GitHub account for many things:
<img src="ugfavicon.png" alt="ug favicon" width="200" align="right">
- Helping develop [ErroneousCreationist](https://github.com/ErroneousCreationist)'s game, Ugmania (go check it out at https://erroneouscreationist.itch.io/ugmania) 
- Also helping [ErroneousCreationist](https://github.com/ErroneousCreationist) create the Wrian the Gamer mod for Don't Starve Together
- Something to connect to my Discord account (the more connections the cooler)
- And maybe software development in the future.
- Or maybe software development now.
- Game development (kind of)
<img src="logo-unity-web.png" alt="unity logo" width="200" align="right">

# 🌱 What I’m currently learning
I'm overall just trying to get the hang of creating things with GitHub. Also trying to figure out how to get better at programming. And also trying to use Unity (and following Brackeys tutorials bc im dum).
# 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on: 
Nothing. interesting choice of emoji for the template github. Collaboration is fun but that's something that I like to call a *later problem*. Keep that in mind.
# 📫 How to reach me ...
Find my Discord account it has the same pfp as my GitHub account. Not too difficult if you try!1 Don't give up!111
<!---
Emby01/Emby01 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

lowercased things, updated info
lowercased letters because it makes me look lazy or not threatening which would be a more accurate representation of me. also updated some outdated information and put motivational quotes or whatever

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi! 
<img src="japanflowertransparent.png" alt="pfp" width="200" align="right">

I'm Emby01, you can call me Emby. i made this GitHub account originally just to connect it to Discord (you can tell by the large no commit gap between february 2022 and recently). but now I actually use it for programming-related and software development! well kind of, if you can call tracking issues, randomly making websites and rarely pushing updates to my test unity game programming-related/software development. i'm still trying to figure out how to use GitHub to its fullest.

- ~~proudly~~ part of [ErroneousCreations](https://github.com/ErroneousCreations), the definitely best indie game dev team
- i'm okay at HTML + CSS. Still need to figure out JavaScript to make the pages interactive. You can check out my ErroneousJournalist site to see what I've made so far. 
- because I had trouble previewing HTML files on GitHub within VSCode, I have the **solution: clone the repo and you can now preview it locally with your preview extension of choice. then push the changes to github manually**. it's obvious, i'm dumb, you're a genius, i get it.
- one of my favourite games is ugmania probably because i help develop it and because it's free. i mean there's also minecraft and a ton of free steam games but still

[![Anurag's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Emby01&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

# 👀 What I do
I use this GitHub account for many things:
<img src="ugfavicon.png" alt="ug favicon" width="200" align="right">
- helping develop [ErroneousCreationist](https://github.com/ErroneousCreationist)'s game, Ugmania (go check it out at https://erroneouscreationist.itch.io/ugmania) 
- also helping [ErroneousCreationist](https://github.com/ErroneousCreationist) create the Wrian the Gamer mod for Don't Starve Together
- something to connect to my Discord account (the more connections the cooler)
- and maybe software development in the future.
- or maybe software development now.
- game development (kind of)
<img src="logo-unity-web.png" alt="unity logo" width="200" align="right">

# 🌱 What I’m currently learning
I'm overall just trying to get the hang of creating things with GitHub. also trying to figure out how to get better at programming. and also trying to use Unity (and following Brackeys tutorials bc im dum).
# 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on: 
Nothing. interesting choice of emoji for the template github. collaboration is fun, but i first have to figure out how to use a pull request properly. keep that in mind.
# 📫 How to reach me ...
Find my Discord account it has the same pfp as my GitHub account. not too difficult if you try!1 don't give up!111 you can do it! i believe in you! this is all you! 
<!---
Emby01/Emby01 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
